buecher.md, before:

# Bücher

### to explore
* [something](http://www.minerva-kundenrechte.de)
* [something](http://www.minerva-kundenrechte.de)
* [something](http://www.minerva-kundenrechte.de)
* [something](http://www.minerva-kundenrechte.de)



### TOC
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/B002LHRM2O/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=B002LHRM2O&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B002LHRM2O&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=B002LHRM2O" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/0884271153/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=0884271153&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=0884271153&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=0884271153" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/0884271706/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=0884271706&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=0884271706&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=0884271706" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/0884271927/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=0884271927&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=0884271927&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=0884271927" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/B007L9887U/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=B007L9887U&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B007L9887U&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=B007L9887U" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />


### Kybernetik

### Unternehmensführung

### Lebensführung




[menu: Bücher]: /

Commit message:

Diverses, also: Review Lift Cookbook

buecher.md, after:

# Bücher

### Scala / Lift

#### Review [Lift Application Development Cookbook](http://www.packtpub.com/lift-application-development-cookbook/book)

The book "Lift Application Development Cookbook" by Gilberto T. Garcia Jr. really lives up to the title "cookbook".
There are recipies starting from the simpler concepts needed to build a Lift application, teaching the "know how" of different areas.
The recipies are working and allow the developer do quickly start exploring a subject. I especially liked the balance between the more extraordinary topics like
the things in the chapter "Integrating Lift with Social Media", but also covering easy and useful subjects like "Sending e-mails using Gmail's SMTP server" as such: a
very easy recipe.

What I am missing a bit - the reason for that is in the concept of a cookbook, of course - is more of a treatment of the "know why" opposed to the "know how".
This book gives a head start to begin exploring a treated subject. The deeper understanding has to be acquired somewhere else.



### TOC
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/B002LHRM2O/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=B002LHRM2O&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B002LHRM2O&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=B002LHRM2O" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/0884271153/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=0884271153&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=0884271153&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=0884271153" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/0884271706/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=0884271706&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=0884271706&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=0884271706" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/0884271927/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=0884271927&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=0884271927&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=0884271927" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
<a href="http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/B007L9887U/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=19454&creativeASIN=B007L9887U&linkCode=as2&tag=analyseexpert-21"><img border="0" src="http://ws.assoc-amazon.de/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B007L9887U&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=DE&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=analyseexpert-21" ></a><img src="http://www.assoc-amazon.de/e/ir?t=analyseexpert-21&l=as2&o=3&a=B007L9887U" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />


### Kybernetik

### Unternehmensführung

### Lebensführung




[menu: Bücher]: /
